1. An interesting challenge you encountered when implementing Howler. What was the issue, and how did you solve it?
    - One of the more challenging aspects I found in this assignment was passing information between pages in Howler. For example,
    one of the challenging parts of this assignment for me was not only having our current user and being able to access their profile page
    but to also create a custom page for each user so we can populate each profile page correctly as well. To solve this I used a static js file as well as several API call to my APIRoutes. What I would do is I would first determine if the user I am clicking on is the current user. If that was the case I would create the profile page but I would make sure to not construct a follow button and I would use other API calls to get followers and create links to their profile pages by constructing their profile picture and username to be linked with the profile page but I would also pass and id param in order to more easily determine our current user which I would then user getUserByID API call to help with that. I thought this was a pretty interesting part of the assignment. Learning to determine the current user's id and passing as a param connected to the browser link and then using that id to populate profile pages correctly. I also had to use an update function for when I had follow buttons so I could either follow or unfollow other users so that the button would automatically update to follow or unfollow based on the previous status (if I was following them before) which was a bit buggy to get to work right but ended up working well in the end. Overall, working on the profile pages was my favorite aspect of this assignment.

2. What additional feature would you add to Howler, and how would you suggest it should be implemented?
    - I think that Howler could use an about me page and a way to change a user's profile picture. I noticed that user's had very nice profile pictures assigned to them by default, but I think it would nice to be able to switch between all available avatars if a user gets bored. I also think having an about me page would be necessary when you look at profile pages and are trying to determine if you would be interested in following that person. It would give more insight to what kind of people they are. And last, a way to change usernames. I think having the ability to choose a new username would be a nice feature as it allows user who possibly decide later on they are not fond of their current username to have the option to change their username.


// Comments
Very educational and challenging assignment. I learned a ton of things on this assignment and it made my rework of HW3 much easier to follow.